Add note that Compute Shaders only work with a Vulkan renderer (#6600)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/compute_shaders.rst

Creating a ComputeShader
------------------------

> To begin using compute shaders, ensure you are using a Vulkan based renderer (the Forward+ or Mobile options), or your editor may crash.

Reviewer: I wouldnt mention crashing. If the editor crashes instead of printing an error then it is a bug that needs to be fixed, not a feature that needs to be documented.

> To begin using compute shaders, ensure you are using a Vulkan based renderer (the Forward+ or Mobile options), or your editor may crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin using compute shaders, ensure you are using a RenderingDevice based renderer (the Forward+ or Mobile options) as compute shaders are not available in the GL_Compatibility renderer.
```

Author: Got it, should I edit and force push to make this a single commit?

Reviewer: That's perfect, ya
